OVERALL:
uses an 8 bit bus that connects to RAM, MAR, PC, Instruction Register, Control, Displaym, ALU, with writing to the bus restricted by drivers
PC write outs to the bus and then is read into the MAR, RAM writes out and Instruction register latches, then decides next steps based on Control

PC:
4 bit counter that increments on a signal, can also load in a value from the [3:0] bits of the bus when told to Jump. Writes out to the bus on signal. made using DFF asynchronous

MAR: 
stores the memory address for RAM, latches on signal and then outputs to the RAM address until changed. Made with a DFF

RAM: 
16 by 8 with 4 bit address. reads in on falling edge of clock with signal. Outputs on signal to the bus. Asynchronous

Instruction Register:
latches all 8 bits from the bus with [3:0] being arguments and [7:4] being the opcode. writes out arg on signal, and puts opcode into control ROM. made with a DFF

Step Counter:
counter made of Asynch D-flipflops. reset signal puts 1 into the first which is then cycled through. then put through priority encoder to get a 3 bit step

A register:
ALU register that is interacted with. 8 bit DFF that can read and write to the bus on signal. 

B register:
second register, made with 8 bit DFF, can read and write to bus. 

ALU:
A and B register, B is xored with the subtract signal which is fed into the C_in port on 8 bit full adder. Writes into flags register if either zero or carry is high. Writes into accumulator when signaled. accumulator can then be put out to the bus

Display: 
ROM controlled by hex file generated by python script based on the value stored in a DFF. always outputs but only latches in new values when instructed

Control:
rom controlled by [2:0] step, [6:3] opcode, 7 zero flag, 8 carry flag. uses a python script to generate 18 output values to control signals. 
